V2.16 (#642)
run-ai/docs: docs/admin/troubleshooting/cluster-health-check.md

2. Verify Run:ai services logs. Inspecting the logs of the Run:ai services that communicate with the CP is an essential first step to identify any error messages or connection issues.

    Run the following command on each one of the services:

    ```bash
    kubectl logs runai-agent -n runai
    kubectl logs cluster-sync -n runai
    kubectl logs assets-sync -n runai
    ```

3. Check the network connection from the `runai` namespace in your cluster to the Control Plane. You can do that by running a connectivity check pod.

    Create a pod within the `runai` namespace. This pod can be a simple container with basic network troubleshooting tools, such as `curl` or `get`. Use the following command to determine if the pod can establish connections to the necessary Control Plane endpoints:

    ```bash
    kubectl run control-plane-connectivity-check -n runai --image=wbitt/network-multitool --command -- /bin/sh -c 'curl -sSf <control-plane-endpoint> > /dev/null && echo "Connection Successful" || echo "Failed connecting to the Control Plane"'
    ```

    Replace `control-plane-endpoint` with the URL of the Control Plane in your environment.

> 4. Check potential network issues. Use the following guidelines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check potential network issues. Among other actions to check the network in your environment, use the following guidelines:
```

@jasonnovichRunAI I want to somehow emphasize that these are not the only things you can do, but this is a general check of the network, which can be done in various ways. WDYT about the suggestion?

Author: ```suggestion
4. Check potential network issues. Some suggedted guidelines to follow:
```

Reviewer: @jasonnovichRunAI looks good

  
    * Ensure that the network policies in your Kubernetes cluster allow communication between the Control Plane and the Run:ai services that communicate with the Control Plane.
    * Check both Kubernetes Network Policies and any network-related configurations at the infrastructure level.
    * Verify that the required ports and protocols are not blocked.

> * Contact Run:ai Support

Reviewer: @jasonnovichRunAI why isn't this a part of the procedure?

Reviewer: @jasonnovichRunAI not sure I got it. Currently, it looks weird because it is a bullet after the procedure...

When a cluster's status shows *Service issues*, this means that one or more Run:ai services that are running in the cluster are not available.

1. Run the following command to verify which are the non-functioning services, and to get more details about deployment issues and resources required by these services that may not be ready (for example, ingress was not created or is unhealthy):

    ```bash
    kubectl get runaiconfig -n runai runai -ojson | jq -r '.status.conditions | map(select(.type == "Available"))'
    ```

    The list of non-functioning services is also available on the UI Clusters page.

2. After determining the non-functioning services, use the following guidelines to further investigate the issue.

    Run the following to get all the Kubernetes events and look for recent failures:

    ```bash
    Kubectl get events  -A
    ```

    If a required resource was created but not available or unhealthy, check the details by running:

    ```bash
    Kubectl describe <resource_type> <name>
    ```

3. If the issue persists and you could not resolve it, contact Run:ai support for assistance.

## General tests to verify the Run:ai cluster health

> Use the following tests regularly to determine the health of the Run:ai cluster in addition to the troubleshooting options previously described, regardless of the cluster status.

Reviewer: @jasonnovichRunAI 
```suggestion
Use the following tests regularly to determine the health of the Run:ai cluster, regardless of the cluster status and the troubleshooting options previously described.
```
